Add tracing of request events + mention LOG_LEVEL in README (#315)
swift-server/swift-aws-lambda-runtime: readme.md

 Beyond the small cognitive complexity of using the `EventLoopFuture` based APIs, note these APIs should be used with extra care. An `EventLoopLambdaHandler` will execute the user code on the same `EventLoop` (thread) as the library, making processing faster but requiring the user code to never call blocking APIs as it might prevent the underlying process from functioning.

## Testing locally

> Before to deploy your code to AWS Lambda, you can test it locally with the command:

Reviewer: Considering some users won't use the swift CLI directly:
```suggestion
Before deploying your code to AWS Lambda, you can test it locally by setting the `LOCAL_LAMBDA_SERVER_ENABLED` environment variable to true. It will look like this on CLI:
```

```sh
LOCAL_LAMBDA_SERVER_ENABLED=true swift run
```

> This starts a local HTTP endpoint listening on port TCP 7000.  Your can invoke your code by sending an HTTP POST command to `http://127.0.0.1:7000/invoke`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This starts a local HTTP server listening on port 7000. You can invoke your local Lambda function by sending an HTTP POST request to `http://127.0.0.1:7000/invoke`.
```

For example:

```sh

> curl -v --header "Content-Type:\ application/json" --data @events/create-session.json http://127.0.0.1:7000/invoke

Reviewer: Would be nice to have a line of explanation about `@events/create-session.json` just to mention it's reading from a file at that path 🙂, and if the JSON needs to be in any specific format for the lambda to be able to work with it.
Perhaps even a simple example of such JSON if it needs to be in a format.

Author: OK added with a link to a sample payload in the API Gateway documentation

*   Trying 127.0.0.1:7000...
* Connected to 127.0.0.1 (127.0.0.1) port 7000
> POST /invoke HTTP/1.1
> Host: 127.0.0.1:7000
> User-Agent: curl/8.4.0
> Accept: */*
> Content-Type:\ application/json
> Content-Length: 1160
> 
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< content-length: 247
< 
* Connection #0 to host 127.0.0.1 left intact
{"statusCode":200,"isBase64Encoded":false,"body":"...","headers":{"Access-Control-Allow-Origin":"*","Content-Type":"application\/json; charset=utf-8","Access-Control-Allow-Headers":"*"}}
```

## Increase logging verbosity 

> You can increase the verbosity of the runtime by changing the LOG_LEVEL environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can increase the verbosity of the runtime using the `LOG_LEVEL` environment variable.
```

- `LOG_LEVEL=debug` displays information about the Swift AWS Lambda Runtime activity and lifecycle
- `LOG_LEVEL=trace` displays a string representation of the input event as received from the AWS Lambda service (before invoking your handler).

> You can use the `LOG_LEVEL` environment variable both during your local testing (`LOG_LEVEL=trace LOCAL_LAMBDA_SERVER_ENABLED=true swift run`) or when you deploy your code on AWS Lambda. You can define [environment variables for your Lambda functions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-envvars.html) in the AWS console or programmatically.

Reviewer: I'm getting too opinionated perhaps, but I would write something _like_ this:

You can modify the verbosity of a Lambda function by passing the `LOG_LEVEL` environment variable both during your local testing (`LOG_LEVEL=trace LOCAL_LAMBDA_SERVER_ENABLED=true swift run`) or when you deploy your code on AWS Lambda. 
You can define [environment variables for your Lambda functions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-envvars.html) in the AWS console or programmatically.

This repository follows [Swift's Log Level Guidelines](https://www.swift.org/server/guides/libraries/log-levels.html), and at `LOG_LEVEL=trace`, the Lambda will display a string representation of the input event as received from the AWS Lambda service before invoking your handler, for maximum debuggability.
